.TH EMNV 1 "16 ïŋ―ubat 2002"
.SH AD
emnv \- kolay MNV, bir dosyayïŋ― MNV ile herhangi bir kip olmadan dïŋ―zenleyin
.SH ïŋ―ZET
.br
.B emnv
[seïŋ―enekler] [dosya ..]
.br
.B eview
.SH TANIM
.B eMNV,
.B MNV'i
baïŋ―latïŋ―r ve onu herhangi bir kipsiz dïŋ―zenleyici gibi davranmasïŋ―nïŋ― saïŋ―lar.
Bu bildiïŋ―iniz MNV'dir, ancak bir tïŋ―kla ve yaz dïŋ―zenleyicisi gibi ïŋ―alïŋ―ïŋ―ïŋ―r.
Bir ïŋ―rnek vermek gerekirse MS-Windows ïŋ―zerindeki Not Defteri gibi dïŋ―ïŋ―ïŋ―nïŋ―n.
.B eMNV
menïŋ―lere ve araïŋ― ïŋ―ubuklarïŋ―na eriïŋ―im saïŋ―layabilmeniz iïŋ―in grafik arabirimde ïŋ―alïŋ―ïŋ―ïŋ―r.
.PP
Yalnïŋ―zca MNV ile normal biïŋ―imde ïŋ―alïŋ―ïŋ―amayan kiïŋ―ilerin kullanïŋ―mïŋ― iïŋ―indir.
Dosya dïŋ―zenleme iïŋ―i ïŋ―ok daha verimsiz olacaktïŋ―r.
.PP
.B eview'ïŋ―n
aynïŋ―sïŋ―dïŋ―r, ancak saltokunur kipte baïŋ―mnv. emnv \-R ile de baïŋ―latïŋ―labilir.
.PP
MNV hakkïŋ―nda ayrïŋ―ntïŋ―lïŋ― bilgmnvïŋ―in: mnv(1)
.PP
Doïŋ―rudan metin giriïŋ―ini saïŋ―layabilmek iïŋ―in 'insertmode' seïŋ―eneïŋ―i aïŋ―ïŋ―lïŋ―r.
.br
Eïŋ―lemlemeler Kopyala ve Yapïŋ―ïŋ―tïŋ―r MS-Windows ile aynïŋ― olacak biïŋ―imde ayarlanïŋ―r.
CTRL-X metni keser, CTRL-C metni kopyalar ve CTRL-V metni yapïŋ―ïŋ―tïŋ―rïŋ―r.
CTRL-V'nin orijinal iïŋ―levi iïŋ―in CTRL-Q kullanïŋ―n.
.SH SEïŋ―ENEKLER
Bilgi iïŋ―inmnmnv(1).
.SH DOSYALAR
.TP 15
/usr/local/lib/mnv/emnv.mnv
eMNV'i ilklendirmek iïŋ―in kullanïŋ―lan betik.
.SH NAM-I Dïŋ―ïŋ―ER
Nam-ïŋ― diïŋ―er "Lastik ïŋ―izmeliler iïŋ―in MNV" (Gumbies, Monty Python).
eMNV'i kullanïŋ―rken bir mendili alïŋ―p iki ucundan birer dïŋ―ïŋ―ïŋ―m yapmanïŋ―z
ve kafanïŋ―za takmanïŋ―z beklenir.
.SH AYRICA BAKINIZ
mnv(1)
.SH YAZAR
.B MNV'in
bïŋ―yïŋ―k ïŋ―oïŋ―unluïŋ―u Bram Moolenaar tarafïŋ―ndan baïŋ―kalarïŋ―nïŋ―n kayda deïŋ―er
yardïŋ―mlarïŋ―yla yazïŋ―lmïŋ―ïŋ―tïŋ―r.
Ek bilgi iïŋ―in Yardïŋ―m/Teïŋ―ekkïŋ―rler menïŋ―sïŋ―ne bakïŋ―n.
