.TH MNVTUTOR 1 "2024 December 03"
.SH NAME
mnvtutor \- the MNV tutor
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.B mnvtutor [\-l | \-\-language ISO639] [\-c | \-\-chapter NUMBER] [\-g | \-\-gui] [ISO639]
.br
.B mnvtutor [\-h | \-\-help]
.br
.B mnvtutor [\-\-list]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B MNVtutor
starts the
.B MNV
tutor.
.PP
The
.B MNVtutor
is useful for people that want to learn their first
.B MNV
commands.
The optional [ISO639] argument is the two or three letter name of a language,
like "it" or "es".
.PP
.B MNVtutor
only opens temporary copies of the original tutor files, there is no danger
of overwriting the lessons.
.PP
.B MNV
is always started in
.B Vi
nocompatible mode.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BR \-l ", " \-\-language\ \fIISO639\fR
Set the two or three letter language code. E.g. 'it', 'es', 'bar'.
Defaults to language of locale if available, else to English.
.TP
.BR \-c ", " \-\-chapter\ \fINUMBER\fR
Set the chapter number. Defaults to chapter one.
.TP
.BR \-g ", " \-\-gui
Start
.B mnvtutor
in the GUI version of mnv if available, otherwise fallback to console mnv.
.TP
.BR \-h ", " \-\-help
Display usage information.
.TP
.BR \-\-list
Display chapters and languages.
.SH EXAMPLES
To start
.B mnvtutor
in German on chapter one:
.PP
.nf
.RS
mnvtutor de
.RE
.fi
.PP
In English on chapter two:
.PP
.nf
.RS
mnvtutor -c2
.RE
.fi
.PP
Longform command for Bavarian in the GUI on chapter one:
.PP
.nf
.RS
mnvtutor --language bar --chapter 1 --gui
.RE
.fi
.SH FILES
.TP 15
/usr/local/share/mnv/mnv??/tutor/tutor1[.language]
The
.B MNVtutor
chapter one text file(s).
.TP 15
/usr/local/share/mnv/mnv??/tutor/tutor2[.language]
The
.B MNVtutor
chapter two text file(s).
.TP 15
/usr/local/share/mnv/mnv??/tutor/tutor.mnv
The
.B MNV
script used to copy the
.B MNVtutor
text file.
.SH AUTHOR
.B The Vi Tutorial
was originally written for Vi by Michael C. Pierce and Robert K. Ware, Colorado
School of Mines using ideas supplied by Charles Smith, Colorado State University.
.B E-mail: bware@mines.colorado.edu (now invalid).
.PP
Modified for
.B MNV
by Bram Moolenaar.
.PP
Translation contributors are listed in the tutor files.
.SH SEE ALSO
mnv(1)
